add 1.3.8-release doc (#431)
apache/dolphinscheduler-website: docs/en-us/1.3.8/user_doc/ambari-integration.md

### Instructions for using the DolphinScheduler's Ambari plug-in

#### Note

1. This document is intended for users with a basic understanding of Ambari
2. This document is a description of adding the DolphinScheduler service to the installed Ambari service
3. This document is based on version 2.5.2 of Ambari 

#### Installation preparation

1. Prepare the RPM packages

>    - It is generated by executing the command ```mvn -U clean install -Prpmbuild -Dmaven.test.skip=true -X``` in the project root directory (In the directory: dolphinscheduler-dist/target/rpm/apache-dolphinscheduler/RPMS/noarch )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - It is generated by executing the command `mvn -U clean install -Prpmbuild -Dmaven.test.skip=true -X` in the project root directory (In the directory: dolphinscheduler-dist/target/rpm/apache-dolphinscheduler/RPMS/noarch)
```

> 2. Create an installation for DS，who have read and write access to the installation directory (/opt/soft)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create an installation for DolphinScheduler with the user have read and write access to the installation directory (/opt/soft)
```

3. Install with rpm package

   - Manual installation (recommended）：
      - Copy the prepared RPM packages to each node of the cluster.

>       - Execute with DS installation user: ```rpm -ivh apache-dolphinscheduler-xxx.noarch.rpm```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Execute with DolphinScheduler installation user: `rpm -ivh apache-dolphinscheduler-xxx.noarch.rpm`
```

      - Mysql-connector-java packaged using the default POM file will not be included.
      - The RPM package was packaged in the project with the installation path of /opt/soft. 
        If you use mysql as the database, you need add it manually.
      

>    - Automatic installation with ambari

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Automatic installation with Ambari
```

      - Each node of the cluster needs to be configured the local yum source
      - Copy the prepared RPM packages to each node local yum source

4. Copy plug-in directory

   - copy directory ambari_plugin/common-services/DOLPHIN to ambari-server/resources/common-services/
   - copy directory ambari_plugin/statcks/DOLPHIN to ambari-server/resources/stacks/HDP/2.6/services/--stack version is selected based on the actual situation

5. Initializes the database information

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```sql
```

   -- Create the database for the DolphinScheduler：dolphinscheduler

>    CREATE DATABASE dolphinscheduler DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8 DEFAULT COLLATE
>    utf8_general_ci;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   CREATE DATABASE dolphinscheduler DEFAULT CHARACTER SET utf8 DEFAULT COLLATE utf8_general_ci;
```

   
   -- Initialize the user and password for the dolphinscheduler database and assign permissions
   -- Replace the {user} in the SQL statement below with the user of the dolphinscheduler database
   GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON dolphinscheduler.* TO '{user}'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY '{password}';

>    GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON dolphinscheduler.* TO '{user}'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY
>    '{password}';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON dolphinscheduler.* TO '{user}'@'localhost' IDENTIFIED BY '{password}';
```

   flush privileges;
   ```

>  
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Ambari Install DolphinScheduler

> - **NOTE: You have to install zookeeper first**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **NOTE: You have to install Zookeeper first**
```

> 1. Install DolphinScheduler on ambari web interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install DolphinScheduler on Ambari web interface
```

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_003.png)

4. Set the installation users of the DolphinScheduler service (created in step 1) and the user groups they belong to

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_004.png)

5. System Env Optimization will export some system environment config. Modify according to actual situation

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_020.png)
   
6. Configure the database information (same as in the initialization database in step 1)

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_005.png)

7. Configure additional information if needed

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_006.png)

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_007.png)

8. Perform the next steps as normal

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_008.png)

9. The interface after successful installation

   ![](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_009.png)
   
   

------

> #### Add components to the node through Ambari -- for example, add a DS Worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Add components to the node through Ambari -- for example, add a DolphinScheduler Worker
```

> ***NOTE***: DS Logger is the installation dependent component of DS Worker in Dolphin's Ambari installation (need to add installation first; Prevent the Job log on the corresponding Worker from being checked)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***NOTE***: DolphinScheduler Logger is the installation dependent component of DS Worker in Dolphin's Ambari installation (need to add installation first; Prevent the Job log on the corresponding Worker from being checked)
```

1. Locate the component node to add -- for example, node ark3

   ![DS2_AMBARI_011](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_011.png)

2. Add components -- the drop-down list is all addable

   ![DS2_AMBARI_012](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_012.png)

3. Confirm component addition

   ![DS2_AMBARI_013](https://dolphinscheduler.apache.org/img/ambari-plugin/DS2_AMBARI_013.png)

> 4. After adding DS Worker and DS Logger components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. After adding DolphinScheduler Worker and DolphinScheduler Logger components
```
